today I wanted to show you my plunger
cutters these are a really easy way to
put a cute little topper on the top of
your cupcakes doesn't require anything
other than these little plunger cutters
so I'm going to do butterfly today and
basically it's got a little plunger on
the top and then if you can see there's
a little pattern already on the top of
the cutter so when you press it into the
icing it leaves that pattern already on
top so very very easy just a little bit
of fondant I'm going to roll out and
I've got my little rolling pin these
little guys are very handy they're
little spacers and for thickness so
basically it'll roll out the dough to
that thickness and a little bit of icing
sugar so it doesn't stick the other
thing I'm going to use because I'm doing
a little butterflies and I want them to
be in a sort of a little V or flying
shape I've just gotten egg crate lid or
egg carton lid and I've just folded up
some baking parchment into some little
bees so I'll ladies in there to dry it
so that when you take them out they'll
have that lovely little flying shape to
pop on the top of your cupcake so very
very simple to do so I'm going to do
some medium-sized ones but they do come
in the three different sizes depending
on the size of your cupcakes or cake and
what sort of pattern or look you're
going for if you do a bunch of different
sizes it looks really pretty as well but
I'm just going to do that middle size it
works really well for sort of your
standard cupcake just to have one on the
top of it so I've got my icing and my
rolling pin and I'm going to roll this
out you can vary the thickness to
whatever you'd like I quite like this
sort of thickness and it seems to hold
quite well this is just a Wilton rolling
pin that I have and it comes with
another size little spacer which is
thinner as well so you can choose what
you want so I'm just going to roll up my
icing
all the same thickness
yo and so once we've done that it is
simply taking your plunger cutter
popping it on the surface press around
the edge first to cut it and then you
just press a little bit on the top and
that will make your pattern onto your
icing and then you just take your
butterfly out
like that so I've got my little
butterfly and then I'm going to bring my
egg crate over and then you just lay it
in that little V and you just sort of
hold it in that shape and so it's going
to then dry with a little flying sort of
shape to it and that's all that's very
simple at when these finished drying I
will show you how they look when they
come out and you can put a little bit of
dust as sort of a shimmer powder over
the top of them which looks really
pretty so I'll show you that as soon as
these are dried and ready to go okay so
as you can see my little butterflies
have dried they're still sort of drying
but they've dried enough for me to be
able to sort of paint on them or dust
over a little bit of a shimmer normally
I would make these the day before I
needed to put them onto the cupcakes or
first thing in the morning make the
cupcakes and then put them on at the end
of the day but they just hold their
little shape like that so you've got a
really pretty sort of flying butterfly
that you can pop onto your cupcake and
it looks absolutely beautiful so that
was literally rolling out the icing
using the plunger cutter and it even
creates that little pattern and then
letting them dry just in that little
v-shaped paper so that they get that
little flying bit so the last little bit
you can leave them like that looks
absolutely beautiful if you want to go a
little bit further then you just get
these little tubes of shimmer dust and
they are available at most cake
decorating stores and then all you use
is a little bit of a little bit on the
end of a paintbrush and then you just
literally dust
I sort of dust down the middle and then
just bring it up a little bit so it
shimmers over the rest of the boat
fly so that's a silver color so it gives
it sort of a little silvery shimmer and
then there's also a white off my brush
so this is a white the whiteness silver
are very similar
grab this okay so again I usually get
quite a bit of a brush and dust the
center so the the center of my butterfly
has the most shimmer and then I just
sort of brush out from there a little
bit giving the rest of the leaves and
this is just dry so this is not wetting
anything it just adds a tiny little
shimmer to it this is a bronze color
I'll show you what the bronze looks like
so the bronze obviously changes the
color slightly of the purple and gives
it a different kind of color of the top
now you can use these come in a whole
bunch of different colors so you can do
a whole bunch of different colors to mix
and match with what you want and some of
them also come in not so shimmery
they're just sort of a basic color dust
and you can paint on different colors or
you can dust on different colors so
those are your three butterflies and
that is just the simplest way to finish
it
silver is my favorite to do but again
depending on the background color I tend
to do quite pastel ease like this
although that would look really pretty
on something like an orange or a yellow
or white butterfly that sort of more
bronzy color and but definitely sort of
just adding a little bit of shimmer on
both of those just zoom in so you can
see I'm really really pretty just add
that little little bit of shimmer and
looks absolutely stunning on your
cupcake so a simple topper for your
cupcakes and I hope you give that a go
thanks for watching my video if you like
to give me a thumbs up if you've got any
questions post those below and please
subscribe to see what else I'm doing and
check out some of my
that I've got thanks again have fun and
enjoy your cupcakes